Hey, Saurav.
Hi, Colin. Good morning.
Hey, good evening. Good evening.
The.
Alright, wow, what a day already. It's like 10am for me and oh my god.
Good.
Okay.
But I'll let you know what's going on real quick, and we can discuss in whatever order makes sense.
Mhm.
So for CICD, that one I'll explain first, because there's one thing that's pretty easy, but I just...
need to think through it a little bit. And like I said, you're the person that could do this. So it's just that.
What that thing is, and this kind of, you know, goes with everything else. So basically for today, I checked on Namita Streetcar yesterday. I have no idea what they're doing.
Mhm.
Okay.
Just, just frankly, like I had to yell at Streetcar yesterday because it was like, you know, 11 A.m. his time. His day starts at 8, you know, so it's like 11 A.m. his time and he hadn't literally done anything, hadn't reviewed anything. It's like taking the time to like learn about, you know, Codex.
Do you hear you?
And I'm like...
Man, I don't know how to tell you this.
K.
You.
I mean, I'm gonna use some very strong language if I had to talk to him about it and I wasn't at work, but...
Yeah.
Do that on your own time. The fact that, you know, you've turned for two days because you aren't aware of basic AI things is, you know, there will be a different person on the project if that continues.
Like he can be like doing both at the same time, correct? We use the AI tool, like get to know things now.
O.
I mean, he came into this team and this project stating that he had, you know, rich experience with that. And, you know, tested well on it too, and everything was good. But, you know, as of right now, you know, I'm getting concerned.
Colin.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And, you know, even for what I gave him as an assignment, I literally did the entire thing for him.
Mhm.
And, you know, just told him, hey, make a dashboard of this. And then, you know, 36 hours later, I'm looking at 0, not even an attempted progress.
K.
And he's like, oh, I'm trying to understand Apache e-charts. And I'm like, dude, I don't know how to tell you this. We got a meeting tomorrow with Srinivas.
He.
If it is not done.
If.
That is a formal written strike from me, because you didn't flag that. We already agreed on how to do this, and I know I sound like * **** ***** now, but...
You know, I mean, I, I'm at my woods end with these guys.
And.
Yeah.
So the good thing is the analysis is at least done.
Good.
Mhm.
So that's the positive here. The analysis, because I did it, thank God, is at least done. So I wrote a skill, did the full everything for it, and somehow we're spending two entire days understanding how to convert an existing fully developed skill that, by the way, I coded right in front of his eyes on a recorded meeting.
We're trying to convert that to Codex. And I'm like, that's literally a prompt. Literally a prompt.
Yeah, yep.
You know, I'm like, I don't even understand that as a concept. You know, maybe that's just me, maybe I'm too used to talking to Claude, but I don't conceptually understand, you know, the approach that he was trying to take there because it just doesn't make sense. That's what you do if you're in like school, not what you do when you're on a client project that you're already.
They've described us being slow in progress.
Yeah.
So.
All right, there's my vent on him, but at least for him, he's got a full, you know, HTML that I myself put together that shows the very deep dive into what Srinivas.
Because.
Ask for for the issue categorization.
Mhm.
Okay.
So, that is one.
Not for the meter.
Um, the girl's a liability, just straight up.
Yeah.
She's A liability. I talked to her yesterday. I actually didn't call her yesterday because I was calming myself down. You know me at this point. I don't get like that. I got like that yesterday.
Mhm.
She sent me a message yesterday, and knowing damn well that she's in a cybersecurity investigation, that she was poking the bear essentially, and decided to try to access the GitHub repositories that the head of IT and cybersecurity at Cisco told her that she was suspended from.
He.
She was like poking around saying, oh, well, I'm going to make an offline copy of it so I can continue my work in the meantime.
Mhm.
So right now, she's getting backfilled. You know, she doesn't know that yet. She will by the end of today from me. She's going to get taken off of this project. That is a strength that I can't have with the context of this last week in mind. You know, I'm just like, that is completely.
I don't have words. I have no kind words that I can say at work about that.
You know, I'm like, that makes no sense. That's like, you know, you get arrested for something and then like for robbing a bank and they say you're not allowed to go in banks anymore. And you're like, well, I'm going to wear a hat and a disguise just so I can continue using banks in the meantime. I promise I won't rob them this time. No, no.
I mean, that's completely insane and completely goes against, you know, now the 5th direct thing that was, you know, completely circumvented by her. And it's always just a whoopsies. So, you know, here on, she's just not going to be on any of these client projects. We'll see what.
the future holds in general, because I need to figure that out. But I told her, you know, for this week, this is just completely off. I'm not going to waste my energy worrying about this anymore. But of course, that limits what she is able to do then for WebEx scraping and, you know, kind of the log analysis.
Yeah.
Stuff.
Yep.
Yeah.
So the silver lining to that, which is a pro and a con here, is that Srinivas isn't expecting that to be done, because you know him, he's like, oh, we have to do this slow, we have to do X&Y&Z. And she even sent me a message that she didn't understand the concept of chunking.
in the sense that like not like a, you know, embedding based chunking or anything like that, but the sense of like breaking up a log file into its parts.
And I'm like, no, I'm not dealing with this. You know, this is literally easier for me to do myself because I can just explain it to a cloud session and press enter. And I don't have to teach someone that's paid a California rate to do basic chunking for a document.
Okay.
Sorry, lost you like for a sec there. I am having some Wi-Fi issues. Again, joined in from like mobile, so I lost like the last two sentences.
Yes, so, so basically, you know, for her, she's just like, even for the part of the project that is splitting those giant log files up.
Mhm.
And she's asking me like how to do it, and I'm like...
Yeah.
Come on.
Mm.
I'm going to give her a chance to recover, do some things internally, but...
That'll be the end of that. She's, you know, compensated extremely well for, you know, she's in California, so, you know, the rates are way higher there. I can't have that. I just can't.
But.
Mhm.
Yep, yeah.
I told her, you know, let's make Saurav a trillionaire.
Abin.
and you know, just call it a day. Like, I'm like, this is just insane. I'm like, I'm just looking at the relative output and I should not have to explain those things to people. But anyway, bent over, but my point is with her, she's going to have some things to present on, some things to talk about.
Mhm.
I'm going to let that continue while we do the backfill.
And we'll have a transition period for her so that we don't lose whatever she's gotten figured out so far with Justin.
Mhm.
Vaishali and Tunuja at least have completed their onboarding. They're just waiting on hardware. So that's good.
Yep.
And then I'll have her backfill in place within the next week. So we'll at least have a person that I have, you know, now good references from and have already worked with on this stuff to come in.
Okay.
So that is good. We'll be at least getting less off of both of our plates for this project, because this is just nuts. I mean, they're just...
Yeah, not a very good team to work with.
No, I, I was like, this is just crazy, like, crazy.
Yeah.
So anyway, so my point with this is though, we've got pretty much that analysis that I gave to Srikar, which is nice. I'll share that with you so you have it yourself. We have that analysis I did for
I.
Mhm.
First record, but...
We are.
Let me see here so I can paste it in the chat for you.
We are a little bit lacking.
On everything else.
Yeah.
Okay.
So let me share with you the...
So I just added you to a new space on WebEx called NXOS issue categorization.
And what I'll do is let me, I'm going to call you on WebEx and just share my screen. I'm going to mute myself so there's no audio feedback on that. And likewise, we'll stay on Teams, but I'll just show you that so you can get a sense of what's there.
Top.
Yep, yep, makes sense.
You do that.
Okay.
Do you see that the call in your Cisco?
Yep, one second. I'm seeing on my phone, but I'm trying to like get this on the laptop.
Second.
Everything is fine. VPN is not connecting. I don't know for some reason.
Okay, no problem, no problem.
Yeah, it's just loading one second.
Thanks.
What happen?
The way it is.
Mhm.
I don't know what's happening here. Okay, now it's fine. Now it's fine. So you saw that like inside that VPN, there are three things, correct? Zero access, ISE and umbrella. So umbrella just went like act.
And.
It's okay, let's open that.
Sorry.
Right.
and then cross. Then I'm unable to connect my VPN. I did nothing, but then, okay, still unable to connect VPN. Let me pick this up on phone now, Webex.
IC.
Yeah.
Sure, sure, sure.
Yeah, you'll be able to see. You'll understand immediately once I show you. I know it'll be small, but it's not super complex.
Yep, yep.
Just let me know when you can see.
Yep, I can see your screen.
For this.
So this is what I did for Sony Vest.
So I wrote a skill.
Okay.
that basically goes and reviews all of his.
All of his stuff.
And I'll show you one thing on my BayOne laptop in a moment, but for now, we'll look at this on this. You can see the output. Skill basically went through all the files, did a combination deterministic plus language model summarization. So categorization, summarization, but tracing back, so nothing's hallucinated.
All very traceable, and then it built this Apache eCharts HTML file, which is completely self-contained.
Mhm.
Okay.
So the HTML file is big. It contains all the needed data. So there's nothing, no other files needed. For instance, it has a bunch of charts. For instance, this one, remember Srinivas was saying, I want to see weekly, monthly, daily.
Abhijeet.
For different things, it'll take care of that. It's nice. You can click on anything here and it'll have pop-ups. There's a lot of different visuals.
This was meant to just be a prototype that Srikar was supposed to take and make into a nice single page dashboard. Just effectively rearrange stuff on the page.
Okay.
Mhm.
That didn't happen. In 2 days, that didn't happen.
The work's already done. It's literally a matter of rearranging it.
Yeah.
So I'm like, I, you know, I did all this. I did all this for you. I wrote the entire skill. I did X&Y&Z. I'm not going to keep just complaining about this, but my point is that I think today going in, we're going to present on this. And I went through with him yesterday to say, you know, here's how you interpret these charts and stuff, because he basically was going to go, hey, Serenibus, here's a bunch of charts.
And I was like, what happens when you need to explain them? Two days, you know, you didn't read these. These are common sense things that...
you know, we need to do. And you can see that, you know, you click on something, as long as it's not that very top graph, because it's an aggregate, it'll actually pull up the specific issues, just with JavaScript.
Mhm.
that were being quoted.
Yep.
It's.
So there's a lot here, a lot of different visuals. I'm just showing this to Srinivas and my intention with him is to think of this as not a complete deliverable, but a couple of different ways to slice and dice the data so that he can get a taste of what we could do as a recurrent dashboard for him to reference. Like this is a good one-time effort.
No.
Mhm.
But if we wanted to deploy this as its own dashboard or app, we could certainly do that. This is just a static file. He can get shared this file and he can open it on his own end too. But there's a lot of different ways to look at things. Like for instance, even this one's kind of cool. This is a race chart. So bottom right.
of the chart shows the date, and then you can see the issues over time. Just wait until they add in this, what do you call it, Xflow.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
You know, so a lot of these graphics, I'm not saying that all of them are needed, but it's more a matter of showing him what's possible for how to visualize.
Mhm.
So there are details on all of this, but what I didn't get from Srikar that I'm going to put him on the spot for today is explaining, you know, what the deep dive of these are. And if he doesn't, isn't able to do that after this being the assignment for weeks, then that's going to be a written warning from me. So I'm not telling you to
to worry about this, but just to be aware of this. This is what he's supposed to be sharing today.
K.K.
So then what's the problem? So 2 problems. Number one.
Is.
I don't know if I fully trust, you know, his presentation for that, so he might need some support during that. Number 2, that looks very light for now, 3 days worth of work for Sterni Fuss.
Mhm.
Yep.
So there's one thing that we can do, and I know you can do probably much more quickly.
that would help to pad this for today, which is again, nothing super complex. And the best part is it doesn't even really need to.
be super detailed today because they have no concept of skills. Like he knows about skills at a high level, but they're not actively using any. They're just prompt engineering.
Mhm.
So one thing that he was asking for on Monday was a skill for how to build.
and reference WebEx bots.
Okay, okay.
So basically something that can help a user to build bots for WebEx in some repeatable way with things in mind. So basically what you figured out how to do for WebEx bots, just encapsulated in the scale. That is all.
Mhm.
Yep, yep, yep.
Um...
There is like one more thing there. Inside WebEx, there is bots present, yes, but there are also like integration service apps and like OAuth and agentic apps plus bots. So there is like a lot inside that developer portal of a portal of WebEx.
So for like each solution, do they only want like bot because that's just a subset of like the whole thing which is available for us. And even for like the solution which we are pitching, it will use like 2, three things combined, not just the bots. So bots are like.
Mhm.
So.
Just part of the puzzle, so...
Right, right. Good question. So I think that's something, time permitting, time permitting, if he can have some kind of a sense of that, it would be good. That would be much more complete to say, you know, here's, you know, a bunch of other things that we found.
Mhm.
that we can do just to give you a taste. So we can talk about bots, but is that the best path? That is the path that we talked about, and we can certainly do that. We have the skill for it, but just so you know, there's all these other things too in WebEx. And we have done our homework here to understand these, even if we haven't.
We can just say, you know, here's what the other options are for points of integration, points of usage. So if you want us to, you know, stick with bots, fine. But if you want us to go with a better way, especially if we have a suggestion for something that might be a better fit, it's a good thing. Or, you know, just ideas in general for capability.
Mm-hmm.
Because I think right now they are being very, you know, basic with what they know with WebEx, which makes sense. You know, you hear bot and you're like, okay, that is an autonomous little sub-agent that it works within my WebEx that does everything. But of course you could do much more complex than that if there's integration points like that.
Mhm.
Yeah.
You know, from like, to be honest, from my point of view, it looks totally like city. WebEx is like Cisco's product and they should know better, right?
Yeah, I will not disagree with that one. I will certainly not disagree with that one.
Yeah, but yeah, fine.
They, like, what I can think of is like the team are like very complex inside and whoever is trying to build this, he did not do like a lot. I would say not even a lot, even like a little bit of research because that's just one Google search.
But...
It's like top official documentations and nothing much like, yeah, even from like the what do you call all the API endpoints and other things which I have like validated on my end, it's like 2 copy of the documentation. So it's not even like the condition which we had with JobDiva.
Right.
that like the documentation was outdated and all over the place. So I don't know why they did not do it like, but yeah, makes it easier for us.
I see, I see. Well, I mean, that's really good feedback from them. I mean, and they're gonna, like, well, we obviously, you know, phrase it, phrase it correctly.
Oh.
But you know, it's a good thing to flag, because effectively this is what Srinivas is looking for the whole time. You know, like he's looking for, you know, us to be proactive, you know, and partners in this.
And that's exactly what you're doing here. You know, recognizing that that's what he doesn't have time for.
Yeah.
And that's exactly what value we can bring. So if we have that, you know, kind of our own understanding of, you know, yeah, you're using bots right now, but here's maybe some ideas or some paths that might work better, or we should keep in consideration, that's going to be really good for him.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
Okay.
Let me send you one thing.
So I sent you on our Teams chat a file called issues.db.
Um...
I sent that over that NXOS issues categorization space. It's at the top. I renamed it to.dat. All you have to do is literally just change the file extension to.db, like open it and rename to.db on your Cisco machine.
Mm-hmm.
That is me being mildly sneaky, because dot dot files are binary, so they get they don't get scanned. There's nothing that's problematic in that file whatsoever. It's just a matter of not poking the bear given the beta.
It.
OK, yep.
So I just renamed it for safety.
But that, um...
is essentially the back end. It's not connected. So just so you know, everything is truly self-contained.
Or.
what I gave in that HTML file. The HTML file in no way depends on that DB. But if you wanted to show where if streetcar does not show, as for any of us this in the call, I just want you to have it and understand what it is.
Mhm.
What I'm using to do this in VS Code is there's an extension called SQL Lite Viewer.
Very nice. I just want him to see, you know, hey, we are able to do some crazy stuff with even, you know, basic access. This is, you know, completely offline, completely small scale. So imagine what we could do. You know, you can clearly see how this goes into production now.
Mhm.
because already we're using a database, already we have a schema, already we have dashboards. So there's a bunch of different tables in here.
Yep.
that give you the full traceability between, you know, the root message, you know, child messages, the eventual solution if one exists.
So it's very complete. It contains this for every single thing that was an issue. It came up with 78 total categories for issues.
K.
Okay.
So it works well. I'll share this skill with you in our repo. The skill contains nothing that's sensitive to Cisco at all. I just don't want, I want to share it with you. It's already in that chat, but I want you to see it intact so you can get a sense of it.
Mhm.
It's very, very basic, but it has a good output. So basically what it outputs here is like the thread map, you know, which is a massive, I think, 16K, yeah, 16K line file, which is JSON object to describe the structure of all those area logs for streetcar.
and everything here. So anyway, I just want you to know that this exists. Not that you have to present it or anything, that's requires a thing, but I just want you to know as a backup, because I won't be able to be there.
Yep, yep, sure.
Okay.
So I don't know if I should like call out to him about if he forgets or should I just pull it on my end and show it because I don't know if he even has this setup or not. I think we also have one more call after this for CICD.
Yeah, yeah. So what we'll do is we'll get everything straight on that for CICD. But the biggest thing is that I basically am in this, this is like nightmare mode because we're also onboarding two people today. And I still have to have a conversation with Cisco's EPS team there, which is their, or GPS team, their Global Protection Services team.
Mhm.
Okay.
Yep.
So what we'll do on our team call is I'm going to keep it kind of shorter because there's not much there. I'm going to phrase it as if you already have your side done for it, because I don't want, you know, to drag it on because I do want to at least get those slides ready for Cerny Bass based on the last meeting.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And I want to get, you know, some of these things worked into those slides. So that way I can give you time back to try that skill. And then I can also have slides so that no one's going into that call cold.
Yep, yep. For like skills, should I prepare like some kind of slide or some graphical thing showing or is it okay to just have the skill and run it and show it to them or something of those sorts? How do we want to like portray that exactly?
So.
Good question, good question. So what I would say is...
I would say priority would be to have something about the skill. It can be simple, it doesn't have to be deep. And you can, I can even put the things that are help to generate the slides or just even the reference slides there for mermaid or anything else so that you can do that, you know, very easily.
Mhm.
Mm-hmm.
You know, basically, if you build this skill 1st and then you say, you know, hey, make some slides explaining the skill architecture structure, you know, just two or three slides tops with diagrams, that'll be fine. And what might be good with that, sorry.
Yep, yep.
Yep.
I like, yeah, I already have the skill, so yeah, that's fine.
Oh, there you go. There you go.
I was just like in the starting, I was listening to you and I'm like, they don't have, they haven't done like whatever they have been asked for and here I'm like already completed everything and sitting here for access and I'm like renting.
Well, there, you understand my frustration.
It.
Yeah.
That's what I can say. You know, my frustration is exactly that.
What?
Okay.
So, what?
Yeah, if you can do that now for the slides, I can send you that for the files from Singularity. Probably not the whole Singularity skill itself, unless I already have that, which I don't know if I did or not. I don't think I did. But I'll share at least what you need to make the slides from it.
Mhm.
Mm-hmm.
and some of the example HTML from that, so you can have a good reference to Point Cloud 2 or Codex 2, whatever, and have it done.
Yep, yeah.
For the skill itself, what you should do with that is stick it on that CICD repository.
Mhm.
make a folder called skills or whatever the necessary structure is for codec skills and just make sure that it's a skill that's compatible with codecs. That's the big thing because, you know, Srinivas, I'll put it this way, for his project he wants us to use codecs for PNM they don't care about Claude.
Okay.
So, that's the tricky difference here.
Yep, yep.
Yeah.
That's why I told Srikar, you know, for him, I was like, you know, do it for Codex and, you know, meanwhile, we're 36 hours later for something that is a prompt.
He.
You know, so anyway, I'll stop my own ranting there, but you can see why that's frustrating, certainly. So if you get it on there, that's the best thing for him. And what I would do too with that, if it goes on GitHub, the other thing is you can just make a markdown readme file.
Yeah.
That goes inside of that folder.
Mm-hmm.
And that'll be some easy documentation that we can do. Remember that GitHub does support mermaid charts, which is good, as markdown files, not as mermaid.js, but as markdown mermaid. So technically, if you could even skip over the presentation and just do it in GitHub.
Mhm.
on that CICD repo itself as a big readme.md file inside of the skills folder.
OK.
So I'll leave that to you, whatever you think is better. Presentations are good, but Srinivas is an engineer, so it might actually be best to have something more lasting on GitHub. But I'll leave it to you. I know, I trust your judgment on that. So.
Mhm.
Yep, yep. Just one confirmation here. In terms of like pushing the code to GitHub, do they have any particular structure of how to exactly do it? Because for training, I don't think we received any training. So.
Yes, yes, there's one very, very stupid thing that they have that is a very bad rule. And once again, I'm in the same boat as you where I missed BayOne GitHub already. They have an incredibly stupid Jira hook that is on some repositories, but not all, but it's easy enough.
Okay.
All you have to do is prefix any of your commit messages with capital robot hyphen 123.
Mhm.
And that is basically they want some tag in it and it's just doing some regex pattern matching for issues.
Okay, okay.
And it's supposed to be hooked up to JIRA, but the problem is that JIRA is not hooked up, so they've been spoofing it themselves internally this whole time.
And.
So, complete stupidity, but...
Even like I don't even know Jira has Jira automations like from five years back when I was Jira admin at back then. Ohh, come on.
Correct.
I don't, I'm just like lost with them. I mean, I even put that as a note for things that we can fix for EPNM, because I was like, you guys do not have any form of actual CICD or automation in this. You can call it whatever you want, but I'm calling a spade a spade. You don't have it. And here's the proof and evidence that I have that you do not have it.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mm.
So and the same for this, like if you try to push without that prefix, then it'll block you. But if you add that prefix in, then everything's satisfied because it's just a simple redx gate that they never even did anything with. But that's really the only issue. The only thing that I would do is I would probably put it on a branch for now.
Mhm.
Yep.
And then, you know, just tell certainly of us in the meeting, like, hey, this is on this branch. You know, you can just call it. I just don't say like BayOne branch or anything like that.
Um, just put it like...
Yep.
Skills branch something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's great. That's great.
That'd be excellent. So you can do that. You know, stick it on there. If any problems there, like you end up, you know, you don't have push permissions or something weird, you could always do it on your personal private repo on the Cisco enterprise.
Mm-hmm.
as a backup in case that has some issue.
Bing.
Um...
All right, so there's that. So that's, I think if we do that plus what Shrekar has, which is effectively from me and wasn't meant to be complete, but you know what, it is what it is at this point. From that angle, you have full permission to take over if he's completely, you know, botching this and he's not explaining.
You have full permission to, you know, show the database on your WebEx machine. You have full, you know, ability to, you know, share anything that you want. For all purposes, you are you are me today.
Mhm.
Okay.
So you don't have to like feel like you need to cover for him. And, you know, honestly, I'm going to probably ask you tomorrow how it went and, you know, how people did with their end of the presentation. But, you know, I just basically want to get through today because if he has a good positive signal, I think the meeting on Monday went really well.
Mhm.
and it was short.
But if we show that at least today, I think he'll be very happy. I think we'll be back on track. We'll be out of trouble with him.
Yep, yep.
I'll tell you, if I was him and, you know, we had the meeting and, you know, Srikarth and Amita are both like, oh, you know, we've just been exploring, I would lose my mind. I would, you know.
Yeah.
And I think he also knows about the incident, correct? The log incident.
Um...
To some extent. It's actually worse than what I originally told you. And that's why the things got pushed up in escalation with the meetup. Do you know how she got to? So she stated that she tried to transmit 26 GB. IT said she tried to transmit 80.
Mhm.
I.
Uh-huh.
Either of those numbers is too large for log files, considering that they only keep the last five days. So even if we would go back to the very first day she worked at Cisco.
No.
I mean, that would clock the log files in at like a GB each, which is not true.
Mhm.
I mean, I remember she just started at the beginning of April.
Yep, yep.
So I looked into that. Oh boy. She didn't just give the log files. So she gave the entire repository and build records and build artifacts, all containing API keys and sensitive stuff.
Oh.
Wow.
Completely careless. There's going to be a policy. Yeah.
That's like a old sabotage, like that is not N.K.
I saw that. I had to write this wonderful, like I said, to you yesterday, if I were to meet myself, you know, from 10 years ago, I would say, I do not like you, dude. But you have to understand where this has to come from, because it's on my **** if this gets screwed up.
Yeah.
S.
So I have to send this wonderful document out to everyone, which is the...
Ohh.
client data handling policy that will have to be signed by everyone before client engagements going forward.
That includes effectively saying, you know, you get single strike. You can make one mistake on one engagement one time. The second time you're eligible for termination.
But.
Like, I'm like, I need to drill it into people that how serious this is, because this is not a joke. I mean, this is...
so serious. Like, you know, people don't even realize because they don't know, like, this isn't just like, you know, their work. I'm like, you would, if we would get blacklisted by their EPS or something like this, then there's effectively about 70 people that would get fired from day one.
all contractors, all salespeople, everyone would have to get terminated and we would lose Cisco forever. We would never be able to do work there again. I'm like, she doesn't even get how severe this is. And we'd also have to pay the liability penalty, which is, I think, is 250K.
or the cost of the incident, whichever one is higher.
So I'm like, yeah, I got a, it's the most unfortunate thing that I have to send out something like this because this is something I shouldn't even have to. This is literally just reiterating our own existing IT policy.
Okay.
If anyone ready to play.
But...
Yeah, well, if anyone read it, and I'm like, well, they signed it, so they're accountable to it. And this one, you know, every single client engagement going forward, we're going to have to sign. And I'm like, you know, this explicitly calls out only the engagement lead gets to supersede, you know, these directives. So like, for instance, me sending you stuff on Teams or, you know, me asking you to do this with Claude, that is completely fine.
Mhm.
It's that unless it's talked about from other people, because somehow people are just lacking total common sense here.
This will protect us from that. And, you know, hopefully drill into people, you know, this is not a game, this is not a joke. This is a real place, people's livelihood depend on it. You know, I would have never 10 years ago said, oh my gosh, Colin, you're going to be writing policies. You're going to be that guy that's being a jerk that has to say this stuff.
But unfortunately, this is necessary at this point.
Uh, even, even for Street Card yesterday, he's on his personal laptop with Cisco files.
Right.
because he wants to use cursor. And I'm like, dude.
Yeah.
It's not even that good, like.
Thank you.
I know, I know that's.
Thank you for saying that because I was like, what are we doing? What are you doing?
Yeah.
Like, cursor, windsurf, they all went out the window for me the moment skills came.
And.
Yeah, I will like, I will take seriously speaking, like even if we at this point, if we don't get like plot code even here, I think Copilot is very much better than like both Codex and everything else, just going from the CLI of code, what you call Copilot.
Okay, like...
If you see on like, I've shared a list on the backs with you. So it provides us like almost all the models, like codex models and these models. The agent harness itself is like basic. Cloud code is, I would not say revolutionary.
Yes.
It does have like some more like features such as hook support is not there in like what do you call either codex or co-pilot skills that I've like confirmed. Their multi-agent harnesses are like trash. Yes, yes, straight up trash. I have tried like both.
Yeah.
Love it.
multi-agent harnesses like for Codex as well as like Copilot.
Copilot still better, right? Yeah, these are like some small things, but I can still manage if we don't get like Copilot is okay. But if he's like you have to use Codex, then also I'm fine. It totally don't make a difference. It's just like...
Yeah.
On cloud code, I can do it in one day, then on codex it might take like 2 or 2 1/2 days. Other than that, like I don't think like there are there is even like that might difference left. It's just based on what people are thinking and what they're building on it that makes it valuable.
At the end of their day, almost I think most of them are like kind of plateauing here. So yeah.
Yeah.
And what I'm finding is honestly, I can usually write things that are superior to any of the commercial products that are out there. If I customize it, it takes me very little time to do that.
Yep, yep.
Everyone is white coding, right? They are very open about it, like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, and I'm like.
Yeah, and I'm like, I, you know, what's our power? We just do it better than them. That's it.
Yeah.
It's fine.
Nick, yep, yep.
So.
Okay, so let me do one thing real quick.
Yeah, I was going to ask, it's okay to use Brew on this, correct on Mac.
Yes, yes, yes. Okay, so that's what we can do now, because I know we have half an hour until that meeting. Okay, so quick question before we get to EPNM and EMS. Everything okay otherwise for CICD? Everything that we just talked about makes sense?
Yes.
Yep, I'm already what do you call updating codex and ready to write the scale right? Yeah, that.
OK.
Yeah.
So.
OK, that too, just because, like, we should show Sriniva that we are using Codex, or he will be like, "Dude, what are you guys doing?"
Yeah.
Yes.
Exactly. I mean, and that's like even for Codex, I mean, Copilot, it's good to, you know, mention that too. I haven't used Copilot. It's been kind of an allergic reaction that I've had, but to it, but maybe I'll try it again if they're supporting good models.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I will, yeah, I will not touch the what you call ID extension. I will go with the CLI, yeah.
Even like the way it renders, I would say it's better than claw in terms of like rendering and color coding and all of those things. Yeah. So something's good, something's bad, but yeah, it's usable. You can try it.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
So, and even just so you know, for this meeting, I put this on Teams just so that it can get recorded, just so you can have the transcript to refer to if you need it for anything. There's that FIDO skill that's there now. All you need with that skill is you just need the env.local file from Talent AI, because it has the...
Yep.
Microsoft Graph credentials. And that'll allow you to pull any meeting transcript using Claude. It's just a skill now. So as long as you have that ENV file somewhere that you can point it to, it works basically like the offline version of Talent AI transcript.
Okay.
Mm-hmm. Yep. Makes sense.
And it can do a lot more than that, but it's useful in case you, you know, forget anything, you know.
Yep, yep.
So, all right, for EPNM EMS, so two things with that real quick. Number one, I want to get you, you know, unblocked as much as I can with Claude. And #2, I'll give you kind of an overview of what I've been able to do and what I found here. It's actually some really good news. So that's the silver lining. I know I sound very irritated today.
But it's not anything to do with this. I actually am, you know...
liking this because it's much more straightforward than what I had originally anticipated.
Yep.
Okay, so the first thing is for your clod. So curl didn't work. What kind of error messages were you getting? Can you, if I call you back on WebEx, can you show me?
Mm-hmm.
I think I cleared that, but I have like, what do you call it?
I think you sent me a picture.
It's, yeah, I clicked it from my phone and it's on Teams chat only, yeah.
Let me look at the picture.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. Okay.
Yep, okay, so that exact it.
Unable to get local issue, right? Yeah.
That exact error is exactly what is solved by that instruction suck that I shared.
Okay, okay.
So here's the thing, so because I'll give you the short human version of what the document is. It'll take you probably 20 minutes to run through.
Mhm.
But basically, Claude is not blocked at all. What's happening is that there is an SSL certificate that's actually a problem on Cisco's side. They don't have their own internal VPN set up properly.
So doing those things in that file in no way is a violation of anything. It's literally something their IT should have done already. And it's not just for Claude, it's for a ton of other things too that are very normal. Basically, Claude's own side of it is the thing that's rejecting.
Because what happens is that you have an SSL certificate that's supposed to be there if you're running on a server with like a VPN, you know, that's routing traffic around for a company. They never refresh the server credentials.
Mhm, yes.
OK.
which makes their SSL certificate invalid.
So that's why curl doesn't work, that's why cloud doesn't work, because those APIs are meant to prevent, you know, like hackers and stuff like that.
Mm-hmm.
So it blocks it because it sees Cisco as being invalid. It's almost like if you were to try to use like a free cloud account and you were just to try to spawn up a bunch of Docker containers to circumvent having to pay for cloud.
Yep, yep.
That's what's happening. So it's nothing actually from Cisco except their own thing not working.
Yep, and for them also, it's like, and nobody would have pointed them out because nobody is using cloud code, yeah.
Um...
Right, right.
Yeah.
And so the big thing with the dock I shared, I said, you know, don't send that to your own, you know, Cisco laptop, you know, and mostly because it has things where we're looking at certificates and that, it's not that the content inside is bad, it's that if, because it's a markdown or text file, it's likely to get scanned.
through their thing. And once again, I'm just being very defensive here because of Namita.
Mhm.
If this wouldn't have happened with Namita, I would have actually gone to their IT and said, hey, I fixed something for you guys. But you know, that's not on the table, right?
Now, they will be like, "Why are you looking there?"
Correct. They're going to be like, you're looking at the TLS cert in SSL certificates. Yep, you guys are a problem. And I'm like, no, I promise I know what I'm doing. Come on. So anyway, but that those directions, they're not super hard. You just have to be careful not to make any typos because.
Thank you.
Yeah.
It.
you know, you're copying and pasting. It's fine to copy and paste into, you know, like WebEx from your BayOne laptop to WebEx on your Cisco, but just make sure it doesn't say Claude.
Mhm.
Mmh.
Yep, yep, uh, it's OK. I will open it and type it. It's not even that hard of the it's fine.
Yeah.
Yep.
Mhm.
Be able to figure it out.
Yep.
But so, if you follow that, you'll be able to get cloud access now.
Beyond that, what I did here is I've had, so I've put together a series of things and finally I got the good news to share. So is that all good for Claude Code for you for this before I go on?
Yep.
Okay. Now, if you don't get it, just send me a message. We'll get it figured out. And at this point, I'm not saying that I don't need your help at all, because certainly I would. I'm saying that at this point, if it was just me, I will be able to get this done solo by Monday at the worst case. So that's why I'm calm right now.
Yeah, like it is the POC start, yeah.
Yeah.
Mm.
So, here's what I, here's what I've done so far, so a few things just to walk you through, and...
K.
Yeah.
I'll just talk you through this because I think you'll just be on your phone so it'll be too small for you to see anyway.
No, I am on my like laptop now.
Okay, okay. Then let me call you on WebEx. I'll stay on Teams just so the transcript gets kept so you can reference that if you need to. But I'll mute myself on WebEx.
Yep.
Okay.
Yep, bye.
All right, let me share my screen.
Okay, just let me know when you can see.
Yep.
Okay, so first of all, I just did this in the CW hyphen inventory folder or repo for no reason other than it just needed to go somewhere.
Mm-hmm, yep, yep.
So no specific reason. Eventually this will get completely moved out of it, but just for the moment, that's it.
Mhm.
So the very first thing I did here was I used some scripts to go and traverse the whole of all the repositories that were on that confluence page.
Fun, thanks. Yep.
And those gave me, you know, some detailed inventory of what things are, where, you know, what the total line counts are for everything, you know, things like that. So it turns out that, you know, the Java raw lines on this, there's a lot if you look at everything.
Mhm.
And I found out that, you know, between all things considered were about 5000 lines of code.
or 5 million lines of code.
OK, that's.
Now that is everything. That is not counting, that's not subtracting up brackets in the white space.
Yeah, that's 14 repositories worth of code, right?
Right, right, and if you look at...
Why do they have 14 repositories? Did you get like an answer for that?
I did, I did. And it's actually, this is why I'm feeling very calm right now, because the way they set it up, it's actually not bad. I have to give them that credit. And once I explain, you'll be like, oh, okay, okay, this is good. First of all, look at one thing here, which is the family breakdown.
Mhm.
OK.
Um...
For EPNM, the total lines of Java is about 4 million.
Mhm.
57,000 files.
Yep, yep.
Not Java files, but overall files.
Okay.
For EMS CNC, it's about 1/5 of the size, about a million lines of code.
Mm-hmm.
across all repositories, across everything, in about 20,000 files.
Yep, so this EMS is like rewrite of EPNMK, like no.
Correct, and essentially eliminating a whole decade and a half worth of tech debt.
Yep.
So they've actually done a decent job with this. I have to give them that.
Mhm.
So then, you know, looking at...
This, what I tried to do first is, you know, without the POC in mind, I just said, let's look at all the repositories and what they mean. Like, why are there so, why are there 14?
And so there is a, this gave us the first picture of it just at a very high level. It didn't do any digging in. So this shareable reports folder that's in the agentic folder is just the tree mapping. It's not actual diagnosis or deep dive yet.
Academy.
Yup.
Okay.
And so I just said, you know, what is contained within? And basically there's just a couple of files that dominate.
Here's what's interesting.
If you can see, I know it's probably small, it's jumping around on me and trying to use my fingers to it. Okay.
Yep, it's OK. I can see common intra and that go to common UI and intra UI.
Zero lines of Java in this.
Yep.
Those are pure angular.
And so what they did is they just copied the angular. They're using this one. It's this one framework, kind of like the Phoenix theme. It's called magnetic.
Three UI.
Mhm.
They basically copied their own version into those.
so that there was an offline persistent copy.
Thank you.
So in fact, everything that's there is either vanilla components that are simply coming from a theme that they've basically made an offline CDN version of.
Abin.
Or it's some level of customization on, you know, it's, I think it's 20,000 total custom lines on top of that.
And that's it.
Okay.
And.
So, what's really good here?
Um...
is that basically for how simple this is, the reason why they have all these repositories is they've separated it out so that it's component based.
Mhm.
So basically each repository has a function and is almost used like a CDN.
for the most part.
Okay.
So they have modularized things very nicely with the EMS.
Mhm.
With EPNM, it was more a story like they came up with different features and functionalities over time and added them on like packages.
Yep.
Whereas EMS CNC is built modular from the start.
Yeah, because they already had the picture in mind what exactly the end product would look like.
Yes.
Now, if you look at this last one for, so this column that my cursor's in for family,
Mhm.
If you look at the very last one for EMS CNC, you'll find that it is 3.5 million lines long, by far the biggest one.
Yep.
And what's hilarious?
I think that's the, yeah, most of it.
They just copied it. It's literally a blind copy of EPNM. It's like they tried to do what we're talking about and then got frustrated and gave up.
If...
Yep.
So that's pretty much nothing that we need to pay too much attention to.
Which cuts the code in, you know, by 60%.
Mhm.
So even if we look at the entire project, not just what we're talking about, but the entire project, that's how, you know, much better this is.
So anyway, this is good to take a look at, but I gave these for Claude for the most part.
Mm-hmm.
There's a ton of files that are PNG files as well.
Right.
So like 483 total HTML files for the entire application.
Ohh.
Between EPNM and DMS.
which is completely fine.
Yeah.
I'm like, there are over like 4600 JavaScript.
Ah.
And the hilarious thing here is some of them are like 10 lines long.
Okay, okay, so for each function they have a JavaScript file and on the front end they will be like embedding those files, something like that.
Like...
So...
Yes, exactly. And it looks like what happened was in EPNM, they had a bunch of monolithic JavaScript files. And it looks like for EMS, they just pulled apart those files as best they could.
Mmh.
You know what I mean? So they just started saying like, oh, this is not needed, this is needed, manually filtering that down.
Yep, yep.
So this is good to review or just to understand, but you can also just point Cloud to it as well.
So then I went through that and I was like, okay, this is good. Now it's time to dig in and come up with a plan.
So the original and it handoff folder were the ones that were just the proposed plan that came from just this tree mapping.
Mhm.
Nothing else.
then the sessions folder keeps track of our sessions. So like for instance, session 0 CM is me.
Mhm.
And each folder has different agent summaries.
That are here.
So they've done specific research tasks to understand the whole 14 repos that are there.
OK.
Specifically, just the things that are needed for our POC.
Mhm.
Yeah.
And.
Yeah, yeah.
But basically I have them in my.
I'll just show you this quickly.
I have a documents folder, programming, and then I have everything for EMS in.
the just normal directory for programming. I should have it in a subfolder, but I was already working and didn't really have a good reason to move it and interrupt things. All the EPNM repos are in a subfolder of that.
Mhm.
Yeah.
So there's just a folder in here that says EPNM. Within that are the four EPNM repos from the confluence page.
So, it, yeah.
And we need this EPNM1 to what you call capture the current running app like the previous one.
Right, right.
Okay.
So and for that, here's what I found, which is really nice. So EPNM, like I said, they were building it almost like they're adding modules in overtime just historically.
Mhm.
So it is possible to run locally. There's one specific part that can't be run locally. I'm not sure if it's going to fail or if it just won't work. And that would be the part that connects to the Oracle backend. We would need to have access to their Oracle system in order to do that.
So I'm going to talk to them about that today and just say, hey, you know, for that specific part, what do you want us to do? Here's the challenge, or not the challenge, but here's the silver lining. I'm going to flag that to see if we can get a little bit more time, a little bit of breathing room. But in reality, I'm telling you, we don't need it. Because they completely phased out Oracle integration for.
Mhm.
Yep.
EPS or EMS.
Mhm.
So, it's a it's a non-issue, you know, it's it doesn't even exist because they moved everything to Postgres in the new version anyway.
Great.
So, you know.
And for like Postgres access, do we have that or are we going to run up like local dockers for that?
That's the other fun part. They themselves only run local Docker.
Hmm.
So that's the hilarious part here. They literally are just running local Docker Postgres. And so everything about EMS, from what I can see right now, and I'm doing the deep dive here, I'll explain what I'm doing for the deep dive, is already handled.
Hey.
Mm-hmm.
So it's already.
set up to be run locally for Docker. And that's where I'm a little bit lost with them, you know, if there's a production thing, but it looks right now fully self-contained. I'm going to get this running before my end of the day today, so I can see if there's a need to pre-seed that database with, you know, data of some kind.
Yeah.
Mhm.
But from what I can see right now, it looks self-contained.
Nope, nope.
Like, yeah, even if like we don't necessarily have the back-end database, we can just feed some synthetic data based on the shape of the API, correct? So.
So, yeah.
Correct.
Clear.
So, um, all that is good, um, so...
Sessions contains the sessions with all the detailed things from the agents that have run through the sessions. There are...
Mhm.
a bunch of things just for aiding understanding for whoever comes next.
You know, in the work, whether that's me, whether that's you, whether that is me, session two, you session two, it doesn't matter. There's always continuity here. Let's set up.
Mhm.
Okay.
There's a file called runningtracker.md that is the master record of what I did.
Mm-hmm.
So basically at the end of every session, I'm saying, go and update this file. This keeps the track of XXXXX. Here's what I did in order. Here are the files that were created and generated as a result. So there's a full written history for continuity's sake.
Okay.
And.
And, like, all of this is already on GitHub.
Correct.
And I build a harness for this that actually is periodically. So I have this running in auto mode with the harness. So it's actually, right now even, it's working in the background for me. And it's actually committing and pushing. It's doing a scan first. There's an agent that I wrote to do the scan.
Mhm.
But basically, it's already in the background doing all this documentation. I even wrote it so the harness will accept usage limits for Claude.
and resume after the time has expired.
Okay.
So that's how I got all these files written. They were happening while I was sleeping, which was pretty cool. So.
Thanks.
Here, yeah.
You know, it just waited for that usage limit to be over. You know, you've run out, your session, you know, resets at this. And I was like, fine, wait 5 hours, then done. Yeah, or wait until, you know, whatever the specified time is, continue. So it's good. This is 1 where I knew that we were going to burn through tokens.
Yeah, then kind of, yeah.
Mhm.
because we have to. There's so much to review. And we have to be thorough here because basically the more work we do up front, the less work we have to do towards the tail.
You.
So all of this is there and there's a ton of different.
Yeah.
different files that get created. Now, the three things that are running right now that are going to be extremely useful and will answer the three questions. There's one for a gap analysis to go and check feature gaps between EPNM versus EMS to see if there's anything critically needed for inventory and fault management.
Mm-hmm.
that have been missed. There's only one that's been flagged so far and it is incredibly dirt simple. It's an Excel file importer.
Okay. Okay.
And like, they specifically have comments in their code that they couldn't figure it out, how to basically import a CSV, not even an Excel file, a CSV file into a table.
Uh-huh.
See you.
That's the only one that is right now identified as a gap that I found. It's doing the deeper dive to double confirm everything to make sure all the APIs are intact and working, you know, and defined properly. But actually, their code for EMS is pretty clean. I have to give them that. So it's nicely done, which is good. EPNM is a mess.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah.
It's what do you call it? Yeah, kind of pre-AI error code.
Yeah.
And it's, I mean, it's, I'll give them that. I mean, they knew what they were doing. Whoever they have running it, you know, runs a tight ship, which is good. EPNM is just historical code makes messy. It's not bad, but it's just like, you know, it has a lot of dead hanging branches in there. A lot of comments, at least.
Mhm.
There's not good documentation, but there's a ton of comments.
OK.
So.
Yeah, so anyway, in this, it'll explain everything that happened. So if you're ever like lost and you're like, how do I even navigate this folder? There's this file that'll tell you, you know, all the paths that were created and what they're about. So gap analysis is running, checks for UI gaps #1, back end gaps #2, and data source gaps #3.
Mhm.
So, we'll have that full picture.
The next session that's happening is the, that will follow that, that directly depends on the results for gap analysis is correlation. And this is essentially a correlation map of features, UI elements, et cetera, between EPNM and EMS.
Mhm.
So like a master lookup table for agents to say, okay, when I'm talking about this specific element on VI, here's what I need to worry about. Here's the back end trace of everything that that touches, and here's the equivalent on the new system, and vice versa.
Mm.
Sure.
That works for both the functions themselves as well as the UI itself too.
Okay.
And that's this correlation session.
Like we currently don't have like a I think a lot of time on this, but maybe we at a later time we can as this is they are also running local Postgres containers, correct? Maybe add age to this and create a knowledge graph of some sort for this.
Mhm.
Yes, for sure.
So, that will make it like much better, right?
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
And the last one for this wave is runnability, which is looking into how we can run and what is needed to run at a very deep level for both EMS and EPNM.
Thank you.
Mhm. Okay.
And figure out exactly what is, you know, needed there.
Yep, yep, like we were, we are not able to run this like currently on our EMS or EPMS for testing, right?
So.
So the objective is after this will be done, we will have a confirmed answer as to whether or not we can. And if we can, if it's valid. For instance, like for inventory, if we don't have any inventory items, how are we supposed to test the UI?
Mhm.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So what will probably come out of this is, you know, we'll have to go back to them and ask them for some level of seed data for these.
Mhm.
And I'll save it to Parquet file will be done like that.
Yep.
But basically, as of right now, it looks like we will be able to run EMS local. For EPNM, it looks like we'll be able to run it, but we won't be able to run one specific part of it, which we don't need to run anyway, because it's no longer included. That's the Oracle backend part. Everything else looks good.
Mhm.
Yep, yep, right.
Like.
And the way that the way that all of these run is that the any of them that are not like actual compilable projects, like for instance, they're just JavaScript themselves, are essentially used like a CDN, which means that most of the repositories do nothing.
Mhm.
Yep.
And.
The other repositories that are here are going to act almost like how Python and Django work with Celery.
Mmh.
OK, thank you.
So there's simply two different things that are spun up with two different ports.
Mhm.
And there's one front end, but and the rest of them are simply background services that are being run as their own Docker containers for the repository.
Okay.
So that's why it's a lot simpler, actually. They already have it, even for EPNM, it's still working that way. For EMS, it's much cleaner. But that's how, like even when we go to run locally, it's not like there's one giant program you can compile. It's that you have to have things with paths that are connected to each other.
Mhm.
like a CDN, so you have to know, you know, where the file is locally in order to point it to like the UI elements.
Okay.
And then for the actual runnables, they just have to be run from the right port, which Docker already handles. So basically for EMS, I think there's like 4 total containers that need to be running.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Like one UI and three back end.
with one of the back end being Postgres.
Alright, and do you have like access of Docker on your system? That's also like, yeah.
Good point, good point. Have not tried yet. I will see. And if we don't, we can figure it out. I'll make sure that gets resolved today too.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
Okay.
That's why I'm like, for the researcher, I checked like the repo and most of this I figured that out on my own by asking what you call it.
Copilot of course, but yeah, it's good to have like full picture plus I think there were some documents missing at that time when I was checking so it had only completed like step one of your session. So yeah, I was waiting for those docs that yeah, let me not burn my token because I also know like this is kind of like.
Yeah, just burning tokens, and I don't think they provided us with a very good plan on like Copilot or Codex or anything of those sorts, like, you know.
Right.
Just.
So, so let me let me do this with you then. So, let's get off from here. Here's here's my plan. We'll get off from here just because so the other meeting started. I'll keep the other meeting short until this journey of us meeting's over. You don't have to worry about anything with EPNM until you have, you know, time.
And he?
other than getting Cloud Code installed.
Um, you know, that's really it. Just make sure that's not on your screen whenever, if you were to screen share for that CERNIVAS meeting.
Yep, yep, I will even do it after the meet. That's like, yeah.
Yeah, that's funny.
But after that, you can just wait, because I can just finish the research, because I'm almost done with it. So that might make it better for continuity, and I can get things organized for you properly. So for tomorrow, you'll have a good real starting place. You'll have Claude, you'll have this, you'll have that. That'll be much better. So don't worry. Don't feel like you are missing something.
Mhm.
We're in good shape right now.
Yep, yep, even if like the research itself is completed on your end, I can at least try to create like some skills for us, so that...
Yeah.
It's what you call faster to iterate again, so yeah.
Yes, absolutely.
So I'll share everything with you, but for now, I'm going to leave you alone between this meeting and until Srinivas's meeting's over. And after his meeting's over, it's going to be well past time for you. So don't worry there. We'll meet up tomorrow and I'll share a bunch of things on our chat. So you'll be in good shape for knowing what to do for tomorrow.
So.
Okay, sure, that makes sense, yeah.
Alright, well, I'll see you in just a second on the other one, and we'll do, we'll finish knocking this one out, yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Sure, see you again.
Bye-bye.